new ai_tools, xtc tools (#417)
xmos/fwk_voice: modules/lib_vnr/doc/src/getting_started.rst

that has been optimised for the XCORE architecture using the `xmos-ai-tools <https://pypi.org/project/xmos-ai-tools/>`_ xformer. 
The optimised model is compiled as part of the VNR Inference Engine. Changing the model at runtime is not supported. 
If changing to a different model, the application needs to generate the model related files and recompile. 
This process is automated through the build system, as described below.

Integrating a TensorFlow Lite model into the VNR module
=======================================================

To integrate the new TensorFlow Lite model into the VNR module:

#. Put an unoptimised model into ``fwk_voice/modules/lib_vnr/python/model/model_output/trained_model.tflite``

#. Rerun the build tool of our choice (``make`` or ``ninja``, for example)

This will use `xmos-ai-tools <https://pypi.org/project/xmos-ai-tools/>`_ to optimise ``.tflite`` model for xcore and generate ``.cpp`` and ``.h`` files
into ``fwk_voice/modules/lib_vnr/src/inference/model/``. Those generated files will be picked by the build system and compiled into the VNR module.

The process described above only generates an optimised model that would run on a single core.

> Also worth mentioning is, since the feature extraction code is fixed and compiled as part of the VNR module,
> any new models replacing the existing one should have the same set of input features,
> input and output size and data types as the existing model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any new models replacing the existing one should have the same set of input features,
input and output size, and data types as the existing model. If changes to the features are made, the feature extraction code must be updated. Note that the VNR is used to control the IC behavior, and so its performance may also change.
```
